MCLOUD-6937: Deployment is not failed if install Magento 2.4.0 with mysql search engine (#782)
magento/ece-tools: dist/error-codes.md

> | 132 |  | Can not connect to the Elasticsearch service | Check that credentials for elasticsearch are correct and service is running |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 132 |  | Can not connect to the Elasticsearch service | Check for valid elasticsearch credentials and verify that the  service is running |
```

| 133 | validate-config | Remove Magento Braintree module configuration which is no longer supported in Magento 2.4 and later versions. | Support for the Braintree module is no longer included with Magento 2.4.0 and later. Remove the CONFIG__STORES__DEFAULT__PAYMENT__BRAINTREE__CHANNEL variable from the variables section of the .magento.app.yaml file. For Braintree support, use an official Braintree Payments extension from the Magento Marketplace instead. |

> | 134 | validate-config | Magento 2.4.0 requires Elasticsearch service to be installed | Install Elasticsearch service |

Reviewer 2: Actually, error name `DEPLOY_WRONG_SEARCH_ENGINE` does not fit to this description. I would rename it and set `DEPLOY_WRONG_SEARCH_ENGINE` for new error, which you implemented here.
* as these names for internal use only, - we are good to change them

Reviewer 2: hm, those names are constants...
from other side, we did not mark this class as @api, so..

Author: Agree, renamed

Author: Technically this is a small BIC change, but as you said we didn't mark this class as @api

> | 135 | validate-config | Elasticsearch must be set as search engine for Magento > 2.4.0 | Update your configuration to use elasticsearch as search engine |

Reviewer 2: **>= 2.4.0**

Author: added

> | 135 | validate-config | The search engine must be set to Elasticsearch for Magento >= 2.4.0 | Be sure that engine option does not exist in SEARCH_CONFIGURATION variable or its value is set for elasticsearch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 135 | validate-config | The search engine must be set to Elasticsearch for Magento >= 2.4.0 |  Check the SEARCH_CONFIGURATION variable for the  `engine` option. If it is configured, remove the option, or set the value to elasticsearch.  |
```
